Chad, Andre, this is a demo that I would walk a new customer through in using the workbook here to track the individual interest uh acrewing at the client level uh from the master line of credit um within the bank. So ultimately within the bank where this would start the firm would total up the amount of expenses that they had for a given period. They would log into digital banking. they'd execute a draw on their line of credit for that specific amount and then they'd come over into this workbook to track uh the individual client specific data. So, starting on the first tab here, we've got this compliance certification statement really just stating that as a member of the firm, you are certifying that the use of funds are for approved case related expenses and that you'll be tracking all those expenses. And ultimately once you close those cases you will repay that portion of the principal to the line within 30 days. It's got a signature block name title etc. I do agree with you all that I think if we had a little checkbox/docus sign type of certification once to cover all entries that would make the most sense but that's the purpose of this uh tab here. Moving over to settings. This is where this date here, the as of date, kind of controls the interest calculations throughout the workbook. It shows the accounting basis. This information here, I don't believe needs to be displayed anywhere. It's really just um for our purposes. Um at the admin level, we would like to when we get a new customer, we would set up their account. We'd establish what the current prime rate is as well as that firm's individual modifier. And then um this down here is where we track those changes in the prime rate. So the interest acrrual calculates correctly over time and across rate changes. And I'll discuss this a little bit later, but we've got an interest allocation tool um macro in here. And this just displays when the last time we allocated interest was. Moving on to the matters. I've got some matters already preloaded into here. Um, we've got a the fields that the user would need to fill out are frankly the matter ID, the fill in the client name, and any notes associated with it. Um, principal, payments made, total draws, principal balance, and interest acred. This is what also display. And then these cells right here, um, these really don't need to be displayed. These are just more calculation cells that live in the background, frankly, to help uh with the math. So I would likely keep these hidden. So as a user, this is the page that they would see. So in the event that they want to add a new matter, they simply add a new row. I come up with a matter ID number. And then we punch in the name of the client. And we'll call this one a dog bite as well. the draws, principal payment, principal balance, interest acrewed, these will all calculate as I enter transactions in the rest of the workbook. So, um, first-time user would come in, they'd load all their clients in. That would be the first step. This piece up here, I think this could also be built into the tool itself, the web application, where they could identify a specific matter and get a quick snapshot of who that person is, the total draws, any principal, payments made, current principal balance, total interest acrewed, and ultimately total owed. So that's the purpose of this function up here at the top. So really again, matter ID, client name, notes, that's all they need to do here. Jumping over to the transactions tab. This is where it's really important that the uh they log all of the transactions for each of these individual cases. So you see here on 1024 we've got what is that eight separate transactions across one two three four one two three clients differing amounts. So in this case, they would make one bank transaction, one draw in the line of credit for $7,18856 and then it's up to the user to separate it across the individual matters. Now, I do think that this would be great to be able to as we read transactions directly from the bank. it'd be nice to be able to preload if that was something that they wanted to do where they go into the web application, they identify the individual client, punch in how much each individual client's expense is. So, it almost serves as a calculator. So, then they know exactly how much to go into the bank and draw on the line. So, I calculate up across these three clients. I've got the 7,000 and change that I need to draw. And then it would almost be like QuickBooks uh QuickBooks online matching functionality where I know that I've I've kind of already pre-logged it and when it recognizes a figure that matches we could just hit a match button and it could distribute. I mean that would be pie in the sky. That would be great. Um again here these are all fields that uh I would likely hide from the customer as well. So they just need to see the amount of the transaction and the net amount effect of that transaction. So if I were to go here, um, usually the transactions would autopopulate when I start to put in a matter ID. For whatever reason, that functionality isn't working at the moment. So I'll just log a couple of random transactions. Medical records called $250. And we can do another one. Oops. Draw. And we do travel trial prep. Call that 5,000 bucks. And this would continue to calculate interest throughout. So again, really, really easy to do. Um, as far as logging those transactions, it's duplicative, but it is what it is. um this interest allocations tab. Let's go ahead and talk about this now. So you'll see here that on 12-15 the bank drafted an interest payment directly from the customer's operating account for $155. So the way this is set up is that transaction comes in and I want to allocate that autodraft interest. I do that. I get a message that it's done. U I'm not sure why it hopped to that page, but you'll see here on the allocations tab, it go it finds every matter that exists before that allocation date. So you'll see the one I added today doesn't populate here. And then if there are any balances, principal balances of zero with interest remaining to be paid, it would allocate as much interest as necessary to satisfy that particular balance. And then from that point forward, it does a waterfall prata where um it just does a prata split of the remaining interest. So we've got that done and then we can do it again here. Um let's just go ahead and interest autodraft monthly interest call 100 bucks. So this time you should see that this KCD matter ID should get some interest allocated to it. So this is saying it drafted 100 from the bank. There was none uh left to be allocated. So it allocated the full 100 and there's none left over. So looking at those allocations again now we see that KCD note here and it's got the interest applied to that one. So that's a function we're going to need to have. And in some cases because well, let me just go ahead and let's redo that one and put more interest than would be needed to satisfy it. Uh so let's go ahead and delete this. Let's call that uh let's make that 1500 and see what that does. Yep. Okay. So here it allocated 1,500 or it draft the bank drafted 1,500. It allocated whatever interest was outstanding and needed to be paid which was the $25025 and then rolling to the next autodraft is this $124975. The reason I wanted to do that was because uh the bank effectively 10 to 15 days out of the due date on these lines of credit, the bank sets a bill and a due date for the particular line and from that point forward the payment due does not fluctuate even with uh principal balance changes. So the interest that's showing in the system that's calculating day by day is never going to marry up exactly with what the bank is showing as far as interest due. So there are going to be times when we don't draft enough interest and uh not all of the interest gets exhausted for a certain period and there's going to be times when we draft more than required and we want to have a function built in there to um put that amount that was drafted kind of in reserve on the sideline so the next time we do an interest allocation that gets spent first and the rest goes as normal. So that's the purpose of the interest allocation. Um the firm payoff summary. This is where uh if again we're going to select a matter from the drop-down. It's going to tell me what the payoff date is. This number right here is exactly what the firm needs to pay to atti Financial in the form of a principleonly payment. That needs to be made same day before 8:00 p.m. Eastern. And any interest that's owed from that point forward would be collected on the next autodraft payment. The reason being we cannot the there's a current limitation within the banking system where we can't specify exact amounts of principles and exact amounts of interest to be paid towards the line of credit. So the the cleanest way to do this and the safest way to do it to keep the numbers matching is just do principal only payments. that effectively stops the interest acrruel for that portion of uh the line of credit and then any interest left remaining would just uh get satisfied on that next goound. So this again is for what the firm owes us. Conversely, the firm would present this to their client which shows all of the advances, all the acred interest, etc. for a a larger amount due back to the firm. And then on a funding date, this just gives the various dates that we have drawn on the line of credits. You can click any of these and identify that's why they're not showing any of these and identify which matters money went towards, what it was for, and how much was spent. So, it's kind of like a a receipt in a way for the various draws that the firms make. And then additionally the two dates that we have interest allocations happening. We can click on these and see okay for each matter how much interest went towards each one of the matters here. Pretty straightforward on that. This master line of credit tab. This is the one that we've got. Um uh a lot of firms like to know at any given time just give me the straight principal balance for all of my matters. They have other uh tracking systems that they use. So, this is just a a quick glimpse at that. This number in cell F8 here, this is the number that should always match the principal balance showing on the line of credit through the banking platform. If this if those two numbers don't match, we know something's off and we'll have to figure it out. And then again just a quick snapshot of the total bank interest that was drafted the total amount that's been allocated towards those matters and if there is any an amount left over this is where that would display to be uh paid towards uh future matters. These are other tabs. These are just kind of daily uh interest calculations here. Sorry I don't have this unprotected but this stuff would be hidden from the customer. So um not really doesn't necessarily serve a purpose other than it calculates u the daily interest acrruel that helps the rest of the uh calculations throughout the workbook. So that's kind of the down and dirty. Let me know if you need more detail and I appreciate it. Thanks so much.